                 MERKLI.ME SOURCE CODE LICENSE                 |
                  Version 1, 26 December 2022

  Copyright (C) 2022-2023 Martin Merkli


                           Preamble

  This license aims to allow everyone to understand the inner
workings of the website usually reachable under the URL
https://merkli.me/ . The users should be able to verify that
the privacy policy, as written on the website, is implemented
in this way.

  This is not an open source license as defined by the Open
Source Initiative, it does not fulfill the requirements of the
open source definition <https://opensource.org/osd>, and it
does not aim to fulfill them.


                     TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    0. Definitions

  "This license" refers to the latest version of the merkli.me
Source Code License.

  "The source code" is everything of this work in the preferred
form to making modifications to it.

  To "modify" something means to copy part or everything from
it other than making an exact copy of it in a way requiring
copyright permissions. The result of this process is called
a "modified work" and is based on the original.

  "The website" refers to the website which this source code
belongs to. It usually can be reached under the URL
<https://merkli.me/> .

  "The creator" or "the author" refer to the copyright holder.

  "This project" refers the source code as well as the website.


    1. Goals

  As stated in the preamble, the goal of this license is to
make the source code of the website available to the public. It
aims to allow everyone to verify that the privacy policy, as
written on the website, is implemented in the way stated in the
privacy policy.

  Everyone shall be able to contribute to the project.

  This license shall protect the intellectual property of the
copyright holder in order to value the work and effort that has
gone into this project.


    2. Scope

  This license applies to all source code files unless
otherwise noted in the file itself.

  If you have a written agreement with the copyright holder,
only the terms and conditions of this license which are not
specified in the agreement are applicable.


    3. Basic Permissions

  You are allow to make exact copies of the source code for
yourself.

  You are allowed to view the source code.

  You are allowed to modify any of your copies of the source code
only and solely in order to contribute to this project. Only

  You are allowed to execute the code in a network which is not
accessible by the public in order to test modifications and to
verify that the provided source code is indeed the software
used on the server of the website.


    4. Bugs

  If you find any bugs or other forms of mistakes in this
project you are obligated to report them.

  If you find a security related issue you may not inform
someone else about it before it is fixed both in the source
code and on the website.


    5. Enforcement

  The failure to enforce or exercise any part of this license
is not a waiver of that section.

  The copyright holder may allow other people and/or
organisations to enforce this license.


    6. Restrictions

  You may not distribute any copies of this project, modified
or not, everything or only parts of it.

  You may only use the source code in order to contribute to
the project and to verify that the privacy policy is
implemented as it is written on the website. All other usages
are not permitted.

  All rights which are not granted to you by this license are
reserved for the copyright holder.


    7. Disclaimer

  THE SOURCE CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOURCE CODE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOURCE CODE.

  Any summary of this license is not a substitute for this
license and may not be interpreted as a license.
